What are the highest and lowest points of your life?

How have your strengths help you to succeed? How have your faults hindered you?

What are your biggest goals for your life? What progress have you made in attaining them?

Who are you really? Who is behind the mask that you show to the rest of the world?

What is holding you back from being the person you want to be?

Where’s your life headed?

How do you think you will die?

How would you react if there was irrefutable proof that God doesn’t exist? How about if there was irrefutable proof that God does exist?

Is human nature constant or is it molded by culture? Can human nature be completely changed by culture or society?

Are humans better at creation or destruction?

What are the best and worst parts of human nature?

If pressing a button meant you received 5 million dollars but it also killed 5 people somewhere in the world, would you press it? What if it killed only 1 person or killed 20 people? What if the people were people you knew?

If you had to sum up the whole human species in 3 words, what would those words be?

What aspects of humans have made us a successful species?

Is what we perceive reality or just a construct of our minds? Can our minds correctly interpret reality or is reality subjective?

What is the best way to explore human nature: psychology, philosophy, or biology?

Is tribalism and people separating themselves into “us” and “them” groups, a learned or genetic trait? Can it be overcome? If so, how?

How does tribalism and creating in groups and out groups (e.g. race, religion, sport team fans, people with a hobby, etc.) help and hurt society?

What makes people believe absurd conspiracy theories?

What’s something terrifying that we’ve all come to accept as a fact of life?

Should governments make laws to protect people from hurting themselves?

What is the most uplifting thing happening in the world right now? What is the most tragic thing?

What does honor mean to you? How important is it to you? Does your culture value honor? What exemplifies honor in your culture?

How important are morals in a healthy society? What are the most important morals for citizens to have?

In the distant past, a person’s life was very similar to their grandparents’ and grandchildren’s lives. How has the rapid pace of technological advancement changed society?

What is a miracle that happens every day?

How important is freedom of the press to a healthy society?

What are the most important factors in maintaining a well functioning society? What does it mean for a society to function well?

Should the government be involved in making laws to regulate moral behavior? If so, to what extent?

With the invention of the internet and the advent of big data and crowd sourcing, it’s finally possible for citizens to govern themselves directly. Is it a good idea for the masses to directly govern themselves or is governance something better left to professional politicians?

What is the purpose of art in society?

Do people have an obligation to help others or should people be responsible for helping themselves?

Can people with vastly different cultural backgrounds live together peacefully? How?

What would be different if the 9/11 terrorist attack never occurred?

What would a perfect city be like?

What is a year of life worth? How about a day?

What is the purpose of a human life?

If sacrificing your own life would save the lives of a specific number of strangers, how many strangers would need to be saved for you to sacrifice your own life? What if the people were friends? How about family?

If you died today, how would you be remembered?

Are some lives more valuable than others?

What does the ideal life look like?

What does it mean to die well?

How would you like to die? Comfortably in bed surrounded by family, doing something you love, or some other way?

Who do you know who is living life to the fullest?

If you were given an envelope with the the time and date of your death inside, would you open it?

If you died today, what regrets would you have about your life?

Is taking a life ever justified? If so, where is the line? When is a person’s life considered forfeit?

What do you think about the singularity? The idea that eventually artificial intelligence will advance to the point where computers are more intelligent than humans.

What are the pros and cons of colonizing other planets? How could this help or hurt the human race?

What is most likely to bring about the extinction of the human race? How can it be avoided?

Will humans as a species ever be able to work together as a whole to achieve a goal? What is holding humans back from working together on a global scale?

Will humanity continue to advance technologically or will we fall back to how we lived for thousands of years or fall back further to how we lived for a hundred thousand years ago?

What would be the best possible scenario for how the world will develop in the next 25 years? What do we need to do to get there?

Do animals experience emotions? If so, do they experience emotions in the same way humans do? If not, how do they experience the world and what dictates their behavior?

How are emotions useful for humans and the human race?

Are emotions necessary for human survival? Why or why not?

What is the most beneficial emotion? How about the most destructive?

Do people have a right to be happy or should they have to earn it?
